{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe2052\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}
{\f13\fbidi \fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}SimSun{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}{\f13\fbidi \fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}SimSun{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fnil\fcharset128\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS-Mincho{\*\falt MS Mincho};}{\f108\fbidi \fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}@SimSun;}
{\f304\fbidi \fnil\fcharset128\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}@MS-Mincho;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}SimSun{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}SimSun{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f305\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f306\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f308\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f309\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f310\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f311\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f312\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f313\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f345\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}{\f346\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}
{\f348\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f349\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}{\f350\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Helvetica (Hebrew);}{\f351\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Helvetica (Arabic);}
{\f352\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}{\f353\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Helvetica (Vietnamese);}{\f437\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}
{\f437\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}{\f675\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f676\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f678\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}
{\f679\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f682\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f683\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f1387\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 @SimSun Western;}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31520\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31560\fbidi \fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt \'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5};}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red17\green17\blue17;}{\*\defchp 
\fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid870267\rsid10181588}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Yang,Ming}{\operator Yang,Ming}
{\creatim\yr2016\mo11\dy28\hr10\min29}{\revtim\yr2016\mo11\dy28\hr12\min12}{\version2}{\edmins103}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords2543}{\nofchars14497}{\nofcharsws17006}{\vern57441}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale90\rsidroot10181588 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
1. Thanks for the introduction. Good afternoon everyone, thanks for coming. The title of my dissertation work is XXX.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
2. Here is the outline of my talk today. I will first introduce some background information about the data set that motivates this work followed by a brief introduction of existing statistical methods for such data type and its limitation. Then I will pro
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 p\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ose the research questions that we aim to answer in this work. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 There are three topics in this dissertation work, which turn out to be three complete journal articles. In each of the proposed journal article, I will give details of the statistical methods
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 , simulation study, data application and close with a brief discussion. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3. OK. Let\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 \hich\f37 s get started. The data that motivates this study comes from the PREDIT-HD study, which was a \'85\loch\f37 . }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs26\insrsid870267 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 HD is known to be caused by gene mutation and results in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\cf17\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 progressive break\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
down (degeneration) of nerve cells in the brain.\~}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs26\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Data consist of longitudinal and time-to-event parts. The data used in the current study contains 1078 individuals enrolled until July, 2014. (Follow-up time up to 12 years, median 61 months). It\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 s known tha
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 t HD is caused by gene mutation however, it\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 
s also important to detect early signs of HD so that drugs can be developed to postpone the decease onset. Some observations from the data: a. more extreme biomarker values \hich\f37 \emdash \loch\f37 > higher risk of HD onset; b. many of
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 the biomarkers are skewed.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37 4. Here is a scatter plot of TMS, which is a commonly used \'85\loch\f37 
 Information delivered in the plot: a. TMS is skewed; b. TMS has an increasing trend over time. The right panel: group patient by survival time: higher average TMS asso\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ciated with shorter survival time
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  higher TMS is worse.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 5. JM are highly applicable in the setting of longitudinal data analysis with event-related terminal events (e.g., dropout or death which is related to the longitudinal process), or for survival anal
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ysis with a time dependent covariate measured with error. The traditional JM }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs26\insrsid10181588 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 is a set}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\fs26\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37  of two models:\'85
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 6. However, there are some limitations of the traditional JM that prevent its broader application:
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7. In this work we aim to extend the traditio\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 nal JM framework and to solve the following three research questions:
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37 a. \'85\loch\f37 . Which means, using the proposed model, we can make dynamic predictions of personalized survival probability based on the historical longitudinal data. 
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 b. Recurrent event outcome\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37  is another commonly encountered time-to-event data in biomedical studies. In aim 2: we \'85
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37 c. Aim 3 is based on 2, in which we make dynamic predictions of recurrent event probability based on\'85\loch\f37  
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 8. The title of first journal article is: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f4\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Bayesian quantile r
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 egression joint models: inference and dynamic predictions.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37 
9. Next I will introduce the statistical methods of our proposed model. There are mainly two parts: JM using longitudinal quantile regression and methods for making \'85
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 10. Quantile regression is a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 statistical model that assumes the conditional quantile of the dependent variable is a linear function of the covariates, where the quantile of a RV is defined as the inverse CDF function. The regression parameters can be estimated based on minimizing th
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37  following loss function. where \'85
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 11. In contrast to the lm, in quantile regression we may get a set of point estimate of the parameter which is a function of the quantile
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
12. Working with longitudinal data, we now can use the linear quantile mixed model in place of LMM. The model is defined in the following way: notation explanation, fixed effects, random effect. In the Bayesian QR field, the model inference can be done by
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
assuming the random error follows so-called ALD distribution with location 0, scale sigma and skewness tau. The likelihood function can be written in this way. As a result, the conditional distribution of the longitudinal outcome also follows ALD with lik
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 lihood given in the following way. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 As}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
discussed in previous work on Bayesian QR, the ALD assumption works pretty well irrespective of the true underlying error distribution.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 13. By using ALD we now can capture the skewness of the distribution. Here is an \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
illustration of the different between normal, LD and ALD distributions. LD is symmetrical as normal but with heavier tails. In ALD the parameter controls its skewness, left, right or symmetrical.  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 14. We now can extend the traditional JM by replacing the\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37  LMM with our LQMM, which we call QRJM. In QRJM, let \'85
\loch\f37  (notations). We developed a Gibbs sampling method to make the model inference, where the point estimates are obtained as the posterior mean of the MCMC samples. Please not that all the model parameter\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 s
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  are functions of the quantile now, including those in the survival model.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 15. As mentioned previously, we don\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 
t only do model inference but also want to make predictions of future event-free probabilities when a subject is still at risk. And this probabi\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 lity can be expressed in the following way. Where, the notations.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
16. Based on previous MCMC algorithm for inference, here we develop an algorithm to estimate this predicted probability. Basically, there are three steps, 1. Draw posterior samples of the m\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
odel parameters; 2. Draw posterior predictive values of the RE; 3. when both of previous values are available, we can then plug them in the formula derived in previous slide and calculate the predicted probability. After collecting total Q samples, we can
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 just use the sample mean as an estimate of the true value. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Please note that posterior distributions for theta are only needed to be sampled once using the training data set. While we dynamically updated the subject-specific random effects whenever there 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 are new data available. That\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 s the secret of the subject-specific dynamic distribution. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs24\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
17. To assess the predictive accuracy, here we refer to several statistics, including AUC, Above Average risk difference and Mean risk difference between TPR and FPR.\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 All of them are defined on the TPR and FPR. And the risk of event is 1-the probability of survival. The latter two are more sensitive than AUC.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 18. To verify our proposed models here we designed two simulation studies. Simulation 1 is designed to assess \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 the validity of model\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 \hich\f37 
s inference ability. We has three scenarios here: \'85\loch\f37 \hich\f37 . In each scenario, we simulate \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs26\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs26\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 19-20. Here are some results from simulation one and three. We can see that when data are generated as skewed, LMJM will produce much higher biased 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
point estimate will lower CP. While the true model can recover the truth and median regression performs relatively better despite the intercept term. When data are normal, we also checked the performance of QRJM, compared with the true model, QRJM does co
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 m\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 parably well.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 21. In simulation 2 we make out-of-sample predictions of the event-free probability. Since it\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 
s simulation study we can make the comparison between the predicted values with the simulated values, i.e. the truth of gold standard. Also, to mim\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ic the real world case, we use different (t, dt) combinations to make the prediction dynamic. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 22. This table summarizes the bias and MSE of the predictions from difference (t, dt) combinations in scenario 1. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs26\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs26\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 A. True model is better than median regressio\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 n is better than LMJM.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 B. For the same censoring time, with increasing prediction time interval, we see the bias and MSE generally increase as dt increases. This is because it\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 
s harder to predict longer time in the future. 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 C. On the other hand, with longe\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
r follow-up time, we tend to have more longitudinal measurements per subject and tend to have more precise predictions. However, we see comparable prediction results at t = 0.25 and 0.5 but worse predictive performance when t increases to 0.75. This is be
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 c\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37 ause the effect of additional longitudinal observations is \'93\loch\f37 \hich\f37 canceled out\'94\loch\f37  by the variability from fewer subjects.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs26 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs26\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs26 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs26\loch\af39\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af39\hich\af4\dbch\f39 \u8232\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
23. After verified the models, we proceed to the data application. We split the study participants into the training and validation parts. Training data is used to make model inference and validation data is used to make predictions. Here is the model we 
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 u\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 sed. As you can see, we use a piecewise constant baseline hazard in the PHM. Different covariates are used in each process. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 24. Here is the table of model inference with three selected quantiles. For example, time effect is 0.019 (95% }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4 CI: 0.015, 0.023) f\hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4 or TMS at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af348\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af348\hich\af348\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\loch\af348\dbch\af39\hich\f348 \'f4}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4  = 0.25, indicating one m}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 onth increase in follow up time is associated with 0.019 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4 
unit increase of TMS (when }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af348\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af348\hich\af348\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af348\dbch\af39\hich\f348 \'f4}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4  = 0.25).}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 The positive time coefficients for TMS at all quantiles indicate that TMS increases (deteriorates) over time, which is consi
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 stent with the loess curves in Figure 1. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 The magnitude of the time coefficient is similar at different quantiles for TMS. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
Outcome TMS is strongly predictive of HD onset at all quantiles. Specifically, an unit increase in TMS increases the risk of HD onset by 4.600 (exp(1.526), 95% CI 3.747-5.726) times }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4 at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af348\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af348\hich\af348\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af348\dbch\af39\hich\f348 \'f4}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4  = 0.25, by 3.669 (95% CI 3.152-4.302) times at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af348\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af348\hich\af348\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af348\dbch\af39\hich\f348 \'f4}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4  = 0.5, an}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 d by 2.945 
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 (95% CI 2.633-2.294) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4 times at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af348\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af348\hich\af348\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af348\dbch\af39\hich\f348 \'f4}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af4\dbch\af39\loch\f4  = 0.75, respectively.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
25. Here is a table summarizes the prediction results with TMS as the longitudinal biomarker: First, for a fixed censoring time t, all summary statistics increase with the increase in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af37\dbch\af39\hich\f37 \u8710\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 t (this is sensi\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
ble in that HD-free probability decreases with time, thus it is easier for the model to differentiate those who will versus those who will not experience the event at later time points). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 Second, for the same t + }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\loch\af37\dbch\af39\hich\f37 \u8710\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 t value, we see an increase in all three \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
statistics from t = 12 months to 24 months (e.g., t = 12,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af37\dbch\af39\hich\f37 \u8710\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 t = 24 v.s. t = 24,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af37\dbch\af39\hich\f37 \u8710\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 t = 12) followed by comparable statistics (a slight decrease in MRD) from t = 24 months to 48 months (e.g., t = 24,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af37\dbch\af39\hich\f37 \u8710\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 t = 36 v.s. t = 48,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af37\dbch\af39\hich\f37 \u8710\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
t = 12). The improvement in predictive per\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
formance can be due to the additional longitudinal data with increasing censoring time t. However, longer follow-up time leads to smaller sample size due to event occurrence and censoring.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 Third, compared with the LMJM, the QRJM has better prediction at s\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
ome quantiles, but not all, because some quantiles of the outcome can be more informative in predicting future survival outcome than the conditional mean while some are not. There are also a few cases where the QRJM has better prediction at all quantiles 
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 (\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 t = 48 at all }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af37\dbch\af39\hich\f37 \u8710\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 t) and vice versa (t = 24, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \loch\af37\dbch\af39\hich\f37 \u8710\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 t = 24).}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 26. Finally I will close my talk with some discussion and conclusion remarks.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 27. The title for paper two is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
Bayesian Quantile regression joint models of longitudinal and recurrent event data
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af39\insrsid870267 \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 28. Some \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
background: Common recurrent events are cancer recurrences, readmissions, stroke, HF, CHD, etc. Compared with JM of Long and survival data, Long and recurrent event data has received less attention so far and no work has considered using QR in the JM of L
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 o\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 ng and Recurrent data.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 29: Here is a simple demo of recurrent event data, where you can see in some subject multiple events may happen while in some there is only one of none event until the time of censoring.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 30. The proposed model for Long and Recurren\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 \hich\f37 t data take the following format\'85
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 \hich\f37 31. The likelihood function for recurrent event data is different from survival data since we have multiple observations for each subject and the observed likelihood is given in this way\'85\loch\f37 \hich\f37 
, where\'85
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
32. the complete likelihood function is the production of likelihood functions of two outcomes and the density of the random effects. The posterior distribution of parameters are proportional to likelihood and prior. Vague prior will be assigned for the p
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 a\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 rameters.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
33. The simulation study is aimed to assess the validity of our Bayesian inference method for parameter estimations. Here I include two scenarios, where error term is generated from either skewed ALD or standard normal distribution. We fit the d
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 ata using QRJM and LMJM and compare the performance in terms of Bias, SE, MSE and CP.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 34 \hich\f37 \endash \loch\f37  35: here are simulation results from scenario 1 and 2. Comparing with the true model, we see LMJM is more biased with lower CP, while median regression is more robu
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 st than LMJM. In scenario 2, median regression performances comparably as true model. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 36. Here we apply the proposed model to study the association b/t longitudinal SBP and the risk of recurrent CHD using ARIC data. Previous study had shown that SBP is p\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
ositively associated with CHD risk, however, no one has considered time trend of SBP among hypertensive patients, especially the time effect on different quantile of SBP and its association with the risk of CHD.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 In the study cohort of total 657 subjects, \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
115, 31, and 17 had experienced 1, 2, or above 2 CHD events. We consider the following model for data analysis. Where vi is the frailty term that shared within the same subject.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 37-39. Here is the inference results from three different quantiles. We can s\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 ee some effects are relatively stage across different quantiles. While some are not. It\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 
s interesting to see follow-up time is not significant at lower and median quantiles but becomes significantly positive at higher quantile, which means people with hig\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 h\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
er SBP deteriorate even faster. It\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 s more intuitive to look at these plots of estimations, where you can see clearly which covariate effects are stable across the quantiles and which are changing radically. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 This is an important feature of QR that LM coul\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 dn\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 t provide. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 40. I will close with some discussion remarks for article two as well. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 41. Journal article three is a continuation of aim 2, in which we try to develop a dynamic prediction algorithm for future recurrent event probability. 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 42. Some bac\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
kground information: disease recurrences is one of the important clinical outcomes in longitudinal biomedical studies. If we can make accurate predictions of future event probability, it can guide our way of disease intervention and prevention. However, c
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 u\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 rrently there is little work has been done on this topic.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 43. Here we continues use the term event-free probability, which is 1 \hich\f37 \endash \loch\f37  the risk of event. It\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 
s a conditional probability, conditional on the past data of both longitudinal and recurrent event outc\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 omes. With further derivation, we can approximate this prediction with its posterior mean.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
44. Similar as before this estimate can be obtained using following three-step procedure, in which first, we get posterior sample of model parameters; for each posterior sample of theta, we draw posterior sample of the Res and calculated the mean of predi
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 c\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 tion using those samples. After we\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 ve done this for each theta, we take the mean of the estimations as the approximation of the prediction.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 45. The simulation study consider two scenarios, with different error distributions. In each dataset, there are tot\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
al 500 subjects and we take 400 out to make inference, the predictions are then made for the rest 100 subjects. We compare the MSE and Bias for different models. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 46 \hich\f37 \endash \loch\f37  47. Simulation results are shown in following two tables. Comparing with the gold stand\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
ard, true model does the best in terms of bias and MSE. Bias increases with larger delta t for fixed t. With larger t, prediction gets better (see MSE). Median and LMJM perform similarly in scenario 2.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 48. We continue to use ARIC data for making predictio\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 n of CHD recurrence. Similarly, we first take out 80% of the subject to draw inference and then make predictions for the rest.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 49 \hich\f37 \endash \loch\f37  51. First, let\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 s see how the dynamic prediction algorithm works for individual patient. Here we select three patients with \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
distinct event history. Subject 4 never had CHD event, Subject 55 had high CHD occurrences, and subject 65 only had one during the follow-up. First prediction is based follow-up time t = 9 then we increase it to 12 and 14. (i) Patients who had more CHD ev
\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 e\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
nts are predicted to have higher risk of CHD recurrence in the; (ii) With longer follow-up time but no additional event, the predicted event-free probability improves. (iii) Wider credible interval for larger prediction time window.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 Prediction results for\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
 the test data is summarized in the table. We found similar patterns in AUC, AARD, and MRD for different t, dt combination. For fixed t, increased dt leads to worse prediction performance. This is in this data set, the majority of patients didn\hich\f37 
\rquote \loch\f37 t have any\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 CHD events, thus, it\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 
s hard for the model to differentiate them apart in terms of probability of event in the future with longer prediction interval. We also see with increased t, prediction improved since we gain more historical data with larger t.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 Third\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 , AUC from LMJM is within the range of AUC from QR model, which makes sense to us as discussed previously.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 52. To summarize. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 53. That\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 s all for my presentation. I would like to thank my thesis advisors, Drs. DeSantis, Luo, for their consistent support \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 
and guidance during this work, it would be impossible to get this work done without their help. Also I\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 d like to thank Lairson and Liu and Dr. Kim for their precious time and energy in supporting me during this work.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 Thanks to TACC for providing HPC resou\hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 rces. 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af39\loch\f37 54. Thanks to the audiences! Thanks for your interest!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid870267 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec595d8bdb46147d2ff43f08bd3bfe92fcb1c41b6cd9ceb6d94d42eca4e4716c8fadc98e344633de8d0981923c160aa569e943037deb
43691b48a02fe9afd936a54d217fa17746b63c638fbb9b2585a5640d8b343af7ce997bafce1d4997afdc8fa87384134e58dc708b970aae83e3211b9178d2706f
f7bbb99aeb7081e211a22cc60d778eb97b65f7c30f2ea31d11e2083b601ff31dd4704321a63bf93c1fc230e297d814c7706dcc920809384d26f951828ec16f44
f3a542a1928f10895d274611b8bd311e932176fad2a5bbbb74dea1701a0b2e078634e949d7d8b050d8d1615122f89c0734718e106db830cf881df7f17de13a14
7101171a6e41fdb9f9ddcb79b4b330a2628bad66d7557f0bbb85c1e8b0a4e64c26836c52cff3bd4a33f3af00546ce23ad54ea553c9fc29001a0e61a52917dda7
dfaab7dafe02ab81d2438bef76b55d2e1a78cd7f798373d3973f03af40a97f6f03dfed06104503af4029dedfc07b5eb51478065e81527c65035f2d34db5ed5c0
2b5048497cb8812ef89572b05c6d061933ba6785d77daf5b2d2d9caf50500d5975c929c62c16db6a2d42f758d2058004522448ec88f9148fd110aa3840940c12
e2ec93490885374531e3305c2815ba8532fc973f4f1da988a01d8c346bc90b98f08d21c9c7e1c3844c45c3fd18bcba1ae4cdcb1fdfbc7cee9c3c7a71f2e89793
c78f4f1efd9c3a32acf6503cd1ad5e7fffc5df4f3f75fe7afeddeb275fd9f15cc7fffed367bffdfaa51d082b5d85e0d5d7cffe78f1ecd5379ffff9c3130bbc99
a0810eef930873e73a3e766eb10816a6426032c783e4ed2cfa2122ba45339e701423398bc57f478406fafa1c5164c1b5b019c13b09488c0d787576cf20dc0b93
9920168fd7c2c8001e30465b2cb146e19a9c4b0b737f164fec9327331d770ba123dbdc018a8dfc766653d05662731984d8a07993a258a0098eb170e4357688b1
6575770931e27a408609e36c2c9cbbc46921620d499f0c8c6a5a19ed9108f232b711847c1bb139b8e3b418b5adba8d8f4c24dc15885ac8f73135c27815cd048a
6c2efb28a27ac0f791086d247bf364a8e33a5c40a6279832a733c29cdb6c6e24b05e2de9d7405eec693fa0f3c84426821cda7cee23c674649b1d06218aa6366c
8fc4a18efd881f428922e7261336f80133ef10790e7940f1d674df21d848f7e96a701b9455a7b42a107965965872791533a37e7b733a4658490d08bfa1e71189
4f15f73559f7ff5b5907217df5ed53cbaa2eaaa0371362bda3f6d6647c1b6e5dbc03968cc8c5d7ee369ac53731dc2e9b0decbd74bf976ef77f2fdddbeee7772f
d82b8d06f9965bc574abae36eed1d67dfb9850da13738af7b9daba73e84ca32e0c4a3bf5cc8ab3e7b8690887f24e86090cdc2441cac64998f88488b017a229ec
ef8bae7432e10bd713ee4c19876dbf1ab6fa96783a8b0ed8287d5c2d16e5a3692a1e1c89d578c1cfc6e15143a4e84a75f50896b9576c27ea51794940dabe0d09
6d329344d942a2ba1c9441520fe610340b09b5b277c2a26e615193ee97a9da6001d4b2acc0d6c9810d57c3f53d30012378a242148f649ed2542fb3ab92f92e33
bd2d984605c03e625901ab4cd725d7adcb93ab4b4bed0c99364868e566925091513d8c87688417d52947cf42e36d735d5fa5d4a02743a1e683d25ad1a8d6fe8d
c579730d76ebda40635d2968ec1c37dc4ad9879219a269c31dc3633f1c4653a81d2eb7bc884ee0ddd95024e90d7f1e6599265cb4110fd3802bd149d520220227
0e2551c395cbcfd24063a5218a5bb104827061c9d541562e1a3948ba99643c1ee3a1d0d3ae8dc848a7a7a0f0a95658af2af3f383a5259b41ba7be1e8d819d059
720b4189f9d5a20ce0887078fb534ca33922f03a3313b255fdad35a685eceaef13550da5e3884e43b4e828ba98a77025e5191d7596c5403b5bac1902aa8564d1
080713d960f5a01add34eb1a2987ad5df7742319394d34573dd35015d935ed2a66ccb06c036bb13c5f93d7582d430c9aa677f854bad725b7bed4bab57d42d625
20e059fc2c5df70c0d41a3b69acca026196fcab0d4ecc5a8d93b960b3c85da599a84a6fa95a5dbb5b8653dc23a1d0c9eabf383dd7ad5c2d078b9af549156df3d
f44f136c700fc4a30d2f81675470954af8f09020d810f5d49e24950db845ee8bc5ad0147ce2c210df741c16f7a41c90f72859adfc97965af90abf9cd72aee9fb
e562c72f16daadd243682c228c8a7efacda50bafa2e87cf1e5458d6f7c7d89966fdb2e0d599467eaeb4a5e11575f5f8aa5ed5f5f1c02a2f3a052ead6cbf55625
572f37bb39afddaae5ea41a5956b57826abbdb0efc5abdfbd0758e14d86b9603afd2a9e52ac520c8799582a45fabe7aa5ea9d4f4aacd5ac76b3e5c6c6360e5a9
7c2c6201e155bc76ff010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f
7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be
9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980
ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5b
babac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e
745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f
2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f74
68656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100aa5225dfc60600008b1a00001600000000000000000000000000d6020000746865
6d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000d00900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000cb0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e30000000000000000000000e0000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff0900060000000000000000000000010000000100000000000000001000000200000001000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdffffff04000000feffffff05000000fefffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffff010000000c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000b065
9b06a349d2010300000080020000000000004d0073006f004400610074006100530074006f0072006500000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001a000101ffffffffffffffff020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000b0659b06a349d201
b0659b06a349d2010000000000000000000000005a0059003200c500dd003000c300da00ca00450030005700cd0058003300cf00d30030004400cc00db00c0003d003d000000000000000000000000000000000032000101ffffffffffffffff030000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000b0659b06a349
d201b0659b06a349d2010000000000000000000000004900740065006d0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a000201ffffffff04000000ffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000f100000000000000010000000200000003000000feffffff0500000006000000070000000800000009000000feffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff3c623a536f757263657320786d6c6e733a623d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f6269626c696f6772617068792220786d6c6e733d
22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f6269626c696f677261706879222053656c65637465645374796c653d225c415041536978746845646974696f6e4f66666963654f6e6c696e652e78736c22205374796c654e616d
653d22415041222056657273696f6e3d2236222f3e0000000000000000000000000000003c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d226e6f223f3e0d0a3c64733a6461746173746f72654974656d2064733a6974656d49443d227b46353235
383736352d464141382d343641382d393642352d3737364643444130454345457d2220786d6c6e733a64733d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f637573746f6d586d6c223e3c64733a736368656d61526566733e3c
64733a736368656d615265662064733a7572693d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e500072006f007000650072007400690065007300000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000200ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000400000055010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f6f6666696365446f63756d656e742f323030362f6269626c696f677261706879222f3e3c2f64733a736368656d61526566733e3c2f64733a6461746173746f
72654974656d3e0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}